TEI                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
ab                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
abbr               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
abstract           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
accMat             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
acquisition        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
activity           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
actor              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
add                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
addName            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
addSpan            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
additional         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
additions          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
addrLine           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
address            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
adminInfo          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
affiliation        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
age                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
alt                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
altGrp             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
altIdent           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
altIdentifier      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
alternate          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
am                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
analytic           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
anchor             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
annotation         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
annotationBlock    TEI,translatin     complex pure 
anyElement         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
app                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
appInfo            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
application        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
arc                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
argument           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
att                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
attDef             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
attList            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
attRef             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
author             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
authority          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
availability       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
back               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
bibl               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
biblFull           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
biblScope          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
biblStruct         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
bicond             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
binary             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
binaryObject       TEI,translatin     complex mixed
binding            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
bindingDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
birth              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
bloc               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
body               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
broadcast          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
byline             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
c                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
cRefPattern        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
caesura            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
calendar           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
calendarDesc       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
camera             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
caption            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
case               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
castGroup          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
castItem           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
castList           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
catDesc            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
catRef             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
catchwords         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
category           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
cb                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
cell               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
certainty          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
change             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
channel            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
char               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
charDecl           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
choice             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
cit                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
citeData           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
citeStructure      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
citedRange         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
cl                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
classCode          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
classDecl          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
classRef           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
classSpec          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
classes            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
climate            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
closer             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
code               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
collation          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
collection         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
colloc             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
colophon           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
cond               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
condition          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
constitution       TEI,translatin     complex mixed
constraint         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
constraintSpec     TEI,translatin     complex pure 
content            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
conversion         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
corr               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
correction         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
correspAction      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
correspContext     TEI,translatin     complex pure 
correspDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
country            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
creation           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
custEvent          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
custodialHist      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
damage             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
damageSpan         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
dataFacet          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
dataRef            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
dataSpec           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
datatype           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
date               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
dateline           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
death              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
decoDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
decoNote           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
def                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
default            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
defaultVal         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
del                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
delSpan            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
depth              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
derivation         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
desc               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
dictScrap          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
dim                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
dimensions         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
distinct           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
distributor        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
district           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
div                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div1               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div2               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div3               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div4               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div5               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div6               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
div7               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
divGen             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
docAuthor          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
docDate            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
docEdition         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
docImprint         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
docTitle           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
domain             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
eLeaf              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
eTree              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
edition            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
editionStmt        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
editor             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
editorialDecl      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
education          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
eg                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
elementRef         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
elementSpec        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
ellipsis           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
email              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
emph               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
empty              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
encodingDesc       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
entry              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
entryFree          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
epigraph           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
epilogue           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
equipment          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
equiv              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
etym               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
event              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
ex                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
exemplum           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
expan              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
explicit           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
extent             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
f                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
fDecl              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fDescr             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
fLib               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
facsimile          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
factuality         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
faith              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
figDesc            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
figure             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fileDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
filiation          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
finalRubric        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
floatingText       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
floruit            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
foliation          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
foreign            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
forename           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
forest             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
form               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
formula            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
front              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fs                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fsConstraints      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fsDecl             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fsDescr            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
fsdDecl            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fsdLink            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
funder             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
fvLib              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
fw                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
g                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
gap                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
gb                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
gen                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
genName            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
gender             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
geo                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
geoDecl            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
geogFeat           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
geogName           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
gi                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
gloss              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
glyph              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
gram               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
gramGrp            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
graph              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
graphic            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
group              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
handDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
handNote           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
handNotes          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
handShift          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
head               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
headItem           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
headLabel          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
height             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
heraldry           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
hi                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
history            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
hom                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
hyph               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
hyphenation        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
iNode              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
iType              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
ident              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
idno               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
if                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
iff                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
imprimatur         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
imprint            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
incident           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
incipit            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
index              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
institution        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
interaction        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
interp             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
interpGrp          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
interpretation     TEI,translatin     complex pure 
item               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
join               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
joinGrp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
keywords           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
kinesic            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
l                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
label              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
lacunaEnd          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
lacunaStart        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
lang               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
langKnowledge      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
langKnown          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
langUsage          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
language           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
layout             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
layoutDesc         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
lb                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
lbl                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
leaf               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
lem                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
lg                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
licence            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
line               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
link               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
linkGrp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
list               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listAnnotation     TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listApp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listBibl           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listChange         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listEvent          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listForest         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listNym            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listObject         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listOrg            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listPerson         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listPlace          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listPrefixDef      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listRef            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listRelation       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listTranspose      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
listWit            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
localProp          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
locale             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
location           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
locus              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
locusGrp           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
m                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
macroRef           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
macroSpec          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
mapping            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
material           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
measure            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
measureGrp         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
media              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
meeting            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
memberOf           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
mentioned          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
metDecl            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
metSym             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
metamark           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
milestone          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
mod                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
model              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
modelGrp           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
modelSequence      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
moduleRef          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
moduleSpec         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
monogr             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
mood               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
move               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msContents         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msDesc             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msFrag             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msIdentifier       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msItem             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msItemStruct       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
msName             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
msPart             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
musicNotation      TEI,translatin     complex mixed
name               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
nameLink           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
namespace          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
nationality        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
node               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
normalization      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
notatedMusic       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
note               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
noteGrp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
notesStmt          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
num                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
number             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
numeric            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
nym                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
oRef               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
object             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
objectDesc         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
objectIdentifier   TEI,translatin     complex pure 
objectName         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
objectType         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
occupation         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
offset             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
opener             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
org                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
orgName            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
orig               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
origDate           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
origPlace          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
origin             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
orth               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
outputRendition    TEI,translatin     complex mixed
p                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
pRef               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
param              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
paramList          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
paramSpec          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
particDesc         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
path               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pause              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pb                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pc                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
per                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
performance        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
persName           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
persPronouns       TEI,translatin     complex mixed
person             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
personGrp          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
persona            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
phr                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
physDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
place              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
placeName          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
population         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pos                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
postBox            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
postCode           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
postscript         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
precision          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
prefixDef          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
preparedness       TEI,translatin     complex mixed
principal          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
profileDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
projectDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
prologue           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pron               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
provenance         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
ptr                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
pubPlace           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
publicationStmt    TEI,translatin     complex pure 
publisher          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
punctuation        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
purpose            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
q                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
quotation          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
quote              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
rb                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
rdg                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
rdgGrp             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
re                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
recordHist         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
recording          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
recordingStmt      TEI,translatin     complex pure 
redo               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
ref                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
refState           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
refsDecl           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
reg                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
region             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
relatedItem        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
relation           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
remarks            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
rendition          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
repository         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
residence          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
resp               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
respStmt           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
respons            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
restore            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
retrace            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
revisionDesc       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
rhyme              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
role               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
roleDesc           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
roleName           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
root               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
row                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
rs                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
rt                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
rubric             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
ruby               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
s                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
said               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
salute             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
samplingDecl       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
schemaRef          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
schemaSpec         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
scriptDesc         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
scriptNote         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
scriptStmt         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
seal               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sealDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
secFol             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
secl               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
seg                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
segmentation       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sense              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
sequence           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
series             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
seriesStmt         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
set                TEI,translatin     complex pure 
setting            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
settingDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
settlement         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
sex                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
shift              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sic                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
signatures         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
signed             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
soCalled           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
socecStatus        TEI,translatin     complex mixed
sound              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
source             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
sourceDesc         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sourceDoc          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sp                 TEI,translatin     complex pure 
spGrp              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
space              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
span               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
spanGrp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
speaker            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
specDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
specGrp            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
specGrpRef         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
specList           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
sponsor            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
stage              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
stamp              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
standOff           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
state              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
stdVals            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
street             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
stress             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
string             TEI,translatin     complex mixed
styleDefDecl       TEI,translatin     complex pure 
subc               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
subst              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
substJoin          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
summary            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
superEntry         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
supplied           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
support            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
supportDesc        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
surface            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
surfaceGrp         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
surname            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
surplus            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
surrogates         TEI,translatin     complex mixed
syll               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
symbol             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
table              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
tag                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
tagUsage           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
tagsDecl           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
taxonomy           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
tech               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
teiCorpus          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
teiHeader          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
term               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
terrain            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
text               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
textClass          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
textDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
textLang           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
textNode           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
then               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
time               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
timeline           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
title              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
titlePage          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
titlePart          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
titleStmt          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
tns                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
trailer            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
trait              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
transcriptionDesc  TEI,translatin     complex pure 
transpose          TEI,translatin     complex pure 
tree               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
triangle           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
typeDesc           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
typeNote           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
u                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
unclear            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
undo               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
unicodeProp        TEI,translatin     complex pure 
unihanProp         TEI,translatin     complex pure 
unit               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
unitDecl           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
unitDef            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
usg                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
vAlt               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vColl              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vDefault           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vLabel             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vMerge             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vNot               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
vRange             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
val                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
valDesc            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
valItem            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
valList            TEI,translatin     complex pure 
variantEncoding    TEI,translatin     complex pure 
view               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
vocal              TEI,translatin     complex pure 
w                  TEI,translatin     complex mixed
watermark          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
when               TEI,translatin     complex pure 
width              TEI,translatin     complex mixed
wit                TEI,translatin     complex mixed
witDetail          TEI,translatin     complex mixed
witEnd             TEI,translatin     complex pure 
witStart           TEI,translatin     complex pure 
witness            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
writing            TEI,translatin     complex mixed
xenoData           TEI,translatin     complex mixed
xr                 TEI,translatin     complex mixed
zone               TEI,translatin     complex mixed
